add parameter to parse SQS body as json (#18601)
demisto/content: Packs/AWS-SQS/ReleaseNotes/1_2_6.md

#### Integrations
##### AWS - SQS

> - Add new parameter that will parse the SQS message `Body` field as JSON before creating the incident. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the *Parse SQS message body as a JSON string* parameter that will parse the SQS message **Body** field as JSON before creating the incident. 
```
